Add sampler (#274)
vhive-serverless/invitro: README.md

# InVitro

> InVitro is a set of tools for conducting research in serverless computing. It consists of the sampler and the loader. The sampler is used for creating a representative workload summary from a real workload trace. The loader is a tool for generating the load based on a given trace, which is compatible with vHive and OpenWhisk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In-Vitro is a set of tools for analyzing the performance of serverless cluster deployments. In-Vitro consists of two tools, namely sampler and loader. Sampler creates representative workload summaries (i.e., samples of functions) based on production traces. Loader reconstructs the invocation traffic based on a given trace and steers this load to the functions deployed in the studied serverless cluster. Currently, In-Vitro supports [vHive](LINK) and [OpenWhisk](LINK).
```

provide links to vHive and OpenWhisk

> 

Reviewer: this doc needs to have the following subsections:
- license, etc (see vHive)
- Pointers to the quickstart and other first-order docs

               Lazar Cvetković and
               Mihajlo Djokic and
               Hongyu He and
               Boris Grot and
               Ana Klimovic},
  title     = {Enabling In-Vitro Serverless Systems Research},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the 4th Workshop on Resource Disaggregation and Serverless (WORDS 2023)},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2023},
}
```
For more details take a look at the README in the tools/driver folder.

---
## Developing InVitro

For more options, please see the `Makefile`.
### Getting help and contributing

## Using OpenWhisk
We would be happy to answer any questions in GitHub Issues and encourage the open-source community
to submit new Issues, assist in addressing existing issues and limitations, and contribute their code with Pull Requests.
Please check our guide on [Contributing to vHive](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vHive/docs/contributing_to_vhive.md) if you would like contribute.
You can also talk to us in our [Slack space](https://join.slack.com/t/vhivetutorials/shared_invite/zt-1fk4v71gn-nV5oev5sc9F4fePg3_OZMQ).

For instructions on how to use the loader with OpenWhisk go to `openwhisk_setup/README.md`.

> ## Running on Cloud Using Serverless Framework

Reviewer 2: This part got lost in movement to new docs.

               Lazar Cvetković and
               Mihajlo Djokic and
               Hongyu He and
               Boris Grot and
               Ana Klimovic},
  title     = {Enabling In-Vitro Serverless Systems Research},
  booktitle = {Proceedings of the 4th Workshop on Resource Disaggregation and Serverless (WORDS 2023)},
  publisher = {{ACM}},
  year      = {2023},
}
```

## Developing InVitro

### Getting help and contributing

We would be happy to answer any questions in GitHub Issues and encourage the open-source community
to submit new Issues, assist in addressing existing issues and limitations, and contribute their code with Pull Requests.
Please check our guide on [Contributing to vHive](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vHive/docs/contributing_to_vhive.md) if you would like contribute.
You can also talk to us in our [Slack space](https://join.slack.com/t/vhivetutorials/shared_invite/zt-1fk4v71gn-nV5oev5sc9F4fePg3_OZMQ).

## License and copyright

InVitro is free. We publish the code under the terms of the MIT License that allows distribution, modification, and commercial use.
This software, however, comes without any warranty or liability.

> The software is maintained at the [EASL lab](https://systems.ethz.ch/research/easl.html) at ETH Zürich.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The software is maintained by the [EASL lab](https://systems.ethz.ch/research/easl.html) at ETH Zürich.
```
